h3. Overview

Fuschia is a graphical document browser for CouchDB. It's built on prefuse and Flex. "Screenshot":http://github.com/paulcarey/fuschia/tree/master/example/fuschia.png.

h3. Using

Clone this repo @git clone git@github.com:paulcarey/fuschia.git@, then run @./upload_binaries.sh $your_db_name@. This will create a design document named fuschia containing views that, for a given document, retrieve all documents that it points to, and all documents that point to it.

Now direct your browser at "http://localhost:5984/*mydb*/_design/fuschia/Fuschia.html":http://localhost:5984/mydb/_design/fuschia/Fuschia.html, enter a full database uri (e.g. @http://localhost:5984/mydb@), seed document id and click load. You should be able to browse through your database.

Fushica is at its best when it colors document nodes and displays document summaries. To have this happen, create a document at @/mydb/fuschia@ based on the following example. You can upload it easily with curl, for example, @curl -T fuschia.json localhost:5984/mydb/fuschia@.

<pre>
<code>
// classProperty is used to distinguish doc types. 
//  For RelaxDB this would be 'class', for CouchRest::Model, 'couchrest-type' etc.
// fillColor represents the document node color. The first two characters specify an alpha value.
// summaryProperty should specify the most descriptive property of the document.
{
  "_id" : "fuschia",
  "classProperty" : "class",
  "User" : {
    "fillColor" : "0xff3355cc",
    "summaryProperty" : "name"
  },
  "Post" : {
    "fillColor" : "0xffcc5533",
    "summaryProperty" : "contents"
  },
  "Comment" : {
    "fillColor" : "0xff33cc55",
    "summaryProperty" : "contents"
  }
}
</code>
</pre>


Note: If your database doesn't use standard UUIDs, modify @isDocId@ in @src/fuschia_queries.js@ as necessary and overwrite @bin/fuschia_queries.json@ with your own version.

h3. Hacking

The "flare tutorial":http://flare.prefuse.org/tutorial is the best place to get started with flare. If you're new to CouchDB, the "wiki":http://wiki.apache.org/couchdb/ is a great place to begin.

Instructions on developing with "flare in textmate":http://arrifana.org/blog/2008/03/flare-flex-sdk-and-mac-osx/.

h3. Known Issues

 * Edges don't display bi-directional arrows

h3. Example

The example directory contains a script that feeds some sample data into CouchDB using RelaxDB. However, following the instructions in the 'Using' section above, you should be able to explore any CouchDB database that contains inter-document references.
